Su Shao, why did you come back?
People can't wait
How did you get in?
You forgot that you used to tell Tiantian
Where did you put the key
It's all Mr. Su's fault
I waited left and right at the hotel, but you didn't come.
I just happened to come to you in person, oops
You are Mu Qianqian's best friend.
You seduce me so actively
Don't be afraid that I will tell Mu Qianqian
Let your girlfriends not have to do it
That tea girl doesn't know how to cherish
I pursue my own happiness openly
Can he handle it?
Again
I'll help my best friend test his future boyfriend.
It is natural to be strong or not
I know what you want.
I can give it to you.
But
I'm sure I won't touch you
I just need you to stay by Ye Chen's side
Check out the evidence that he did evil
If it works
I'll give you 1 billion investment
I'll give you an extra 50 million
It's comfortable to chat with smart people, I'll help you
Guaranteed to satisfy you